## **Li, Xiang / 李翔**

Xiang LI received the Bachelor and Master degrees from Beijing Institute of Technology in 2006 and 2008, and the PhD degree from Nanyang Technological University in 2013 respectively. From Aug. 2012 to Feb. 2015, he was a Research Fellow at the Intelligent Robotics Lab, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. From Feb. 2015 to Aug. 2016, he was a Research Fellow at the Department of Biomedical Engineering, National University of Singapore. From Aug. 2016 to Aug. 2019, he was a Research Assistant Professor at the Department of Mechanical and Automation Engineering, The Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is now working as an Associate Professor at the Department of Automation, Tsinghua University.

Xiang LI was the Associate Editor of IEEE Robotics & Automation Magazine from 2019 to 2021 and the Associate Editor of IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA) from 2019 to 2021. He has been the Associate Editor of IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters since 2022, and the Associate Editor of IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering since 2023. He received the Highly Commended Paper Award in 2013 IFToMM International Symposium on Robotics and Mechatronics, the Best Paper in Robotic Control in 2017 International Conference on Advanced Robotics, the Best Application Paper Finalists in 2017 IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS), and the T. J. Tarn Best Paper in Robotics in IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Biomimetics. He is the Program Chair of the 2023 IEEE International Conference on Real-time Computing and Robotics. His current research interests include deformable object manipulation, physical human-robot interaction, robot-assisted optical tweezers, and multi-agent system.
